my pieces came out to support me gain i
definitely appreciated a shout out Jimmy
and I be like okay mommy and what up Jim
and I are mother fucking hand up first a
honeycomb then I blocked out hit the
studio you know I rocked out Paul shorty
yup yup banged out stop that plug up
then I got bagged out bad that's what
your mom yeah stand out you will stand
still and see my hustle real huh with no
deal but I fucked the field or the dope
boys told me going for the kill same
crimes it proud of you know the drill
I'm getting money get their link with
some sweet mother fuckers who googlefuck
banshee somebody got a whole position
for the sake of the struggle somehow we
managed to survive in that concrete
jungle juggle ends in two
lightshow call it red light provo the
games to do Smith had me turned out all
I knew was baking soda getting bags out
but not my name I love trying to make
them bango one time middle finger to the
one time city the city state state
building bridges were real husband
waiting on the street any niggas up on
it I'm a circle of spread through the
streets one fans two bands three bands
for 96 more bears a strong no I
represent the poor and get money with
the street huggers I'll do business with
cocksuckers every handshaking official
dude niggas be late stop the wrong ideas
I'll getting this case if I eat and I
fuck with your shit
play the game hi Rex pounce can stash
box revenue that's why I go hard the lid
somewhat comfortable Polly when I fake a
party when I modest a bring it back home
and see the smiles on my nigga's face
this time around the store Linda nothing
never worry about these pearls it ain't
nothing the couple on the rollaway still
rep the home base of the city's fucking
with me cuz i keep it 150 look it's some
say i keep it 1000 need that money
mountains get my people on a public
housing stay sharp on FB i-- tip fucking
money clip from the bottom so that
rubber balak good grip on the Bears on
the table that's a good link wardrobe
designer huh that's the cook fish face
from fuck boys call that a real shit
you
it's tough it's time and have me
inspired since I jumped off oh poor and
thanks to mind was the only thing I see
him through thick and thin I had him I
always been there for me no thoughts in
the world rolling around me they know
doc roller Rock orig orig until I happy
with it for talent too young ultrafire
that label T ye yes 101 you will see me
tae keep going the sis you know I'm
saying big ups day one